I'm an artist and researcher, based in Los Angeles. As a researcher, I work with/in social movement spaces to further projects of collective liberation. Most recently, I worked as Research Director for Where Is My Land, an organization that seeks restitution for Black families who have experienced land dispossession within their lineage. Previously, I have supported groups such as the Solidarity Research Center, CodePink, the Garment Workers Center, Youth Justice Coalition, Downtown Crenshaw, The UCLA Luskin Institute on Inequality and Democracy, and SWAN Vancouver. I'm currently working on a movement research guide (coming soon!) and will be leading a workshop on movement research at DeepMay in August.

 My artistic practice is always stretching and folding. Sometimes I make things with words, sometimes with flour, sometimes with code or sound or strangers in a park. Each offering is an invitation: to play, gather, and imagine new ways of being together. From 2017-2019, I co-led a social practice and creative placemaking collective alongside El Arkin and Renee Miles Rooijmans, called frida&frank. We designed and fabricated our own ping-pong tables and played hundreds of games with strangers across greater Vancouver as an invitation to reimagine. More recently, I've been a part of an alternative education project based in Los Angeles, called F.R.A.C.T.A.L.. I'm also a culinary artist, with a sweet spot for cakes. My favourite cakes I've made are ones that act as an ephemeral archive. Sometimes my cakes are more sculptural, sometimes they're digital. Sometimes I make wedding cakes and desserts for events, like pop-ups and book releases. Sometimes the cakes are grief rituals and poems. Some times I write about them! Check out my guide to baking cakes here. I also do food styling. I make food other than cakes too! More than anything, I love to play :). My culinary project, as well as my DJing are nestled under the moniker 'Lovening Agent'. 

Lately, my creative practice has been merging with my collaborator and partner, Whisper, building  software, hardware, and wetware (ritual) for collective home-making. Check out our website here! We're about to head off on a whorld tour at the end of July and will be frolicking across North America and Europe. We love to meet people and also read together — Come join us for office hours, or send us an email to connect!


find me on:
Instagram
soundcloud
are.na
GitHub
 